The model makes up another component of the model view controller design.
The model is data that the controller sends to the view.
Without a model, the view is meaningless.
The view alone offers visual elements, but nothing more.
In this lesson, you will learn about the model component.
Let's go through the whole process.
First the user makes a get to request.
The controller maps the get to request to a handler method.
Step one is courtesy of Spring Boot Magic.
A handler method has direct access to the model.
The Handler method has access to the model directly from its function parameters.
The Handler method can create data in the form of plain old Java objects.
Imagine there is a grade class from it.
The handler method can create three plain old grade objects.
Step three is to store the data in a model attribute.
The Handler method can add an attribute to the model.
The model attribute consists of a key that maps to a chunk of data.
At a high level.
This diagram shows how the handler method can add data to the model.
Once the data is added, the controller sends the model containing all of that data to the view.
Before we get ahead of ourselves, we can start with step one.
Think of a model as a container that holds data.
Every handler method has access to the model.
Courtesy of Spring Boot Magic Handler methods have direct access to the model.
You can access it directly from the methods list of parameters.
Model.
Make sure to import it.
A Hojo class is the simplest type of Java class.
A pod class contains private fields.
Constructors.
As well as public getters and setters for each field.
From a pod class, you can create a plain old Java object.
A podger represents a piece of data.
Looking back at the grades page, each row inside the table needs a piece of data that contains the
student name, the subject and the score.
In any case, because each piece of data needs three fields, what I'm going to do is add a pod class
with three fields, so I'll create a new Java file called Grade.
Java.
And I will create three fields private string name.
Private string subject.
Private string score.
Okay.
Now, what I want you to do is go to the extensions and download.
The Java code generators extension.
I'll give you a couple of seconds to do that.
Okay.
And now what I can do is go to Java code generators and generate a constructor using all fields.
I will generate an empty constructor as well.
Generate all of the getters and setters.
And that should be it.
From this Pogo class, you can create data in the form of grade objects.
So inside the handler method, what I'm going to do is create a new object of the grade class.
And the parameters will be hairy.
The subject is potions.
And their score will be a C minus.
The great object is a piece of data referring back to the diagram.
The handler method creates data and stores it in the model.
Then it sends the model containing all of that data to The View.
So back to the code.
You need to somehow add this piece of data to the model.
An attribute maps to a piece of data.
You can add a model attribute using the method add attribute.
It accepts two arguments the name of the attribute.
And the data that it stores.
Inside of your handler method.
Add an attribute to the model called grid model.
Dot add attribute.
Grade.
And the great attribute will map to the great object.
And that's it.
Now your model contains data.
The next step is to merge that data with the view.
In this lesson, you add a data to the model.